[Music]
hello your Lewis I presume
[Applause]
you'll see things are quite different
here
[Music]
[Applause]
the house is a very old place
there's a clock in the walls
[Music]
we don't know what it does except
something horrible
so you've told Luis everything well not
everything
[Music]
have a look around you're perfectly safe
that's safe as long as it's fed that's a
lot of clocks Wow what constitutes a lot
is really a matter of personal taste for
me it's a perfect amount of clocks oh
sorry there's a deranged cuckoo in there
the ratchet will shot the click Springs
not far behind hello
you're Lewis I presume how was your trip
this old hag is my next-door neighbor
mrs. Florence Zimmerman I'm relieved to
see you didn't inherit your uncle's
freakishly oversized head huh
says the woman who literally looks like
a q-tip oh look the giant head is angry
my god did that withered purple skeleton
just speak she thinks she's smarter than
me because she's got more college
degrees no I think I'm smarter than you
because I'm smarter than you
you only have to have dinner perform
allowed to have cookies well why not
just eat cookies for dinner they're far
more delicious
I know it's just we have these house
rules well not in this house
there's no bedtime bath time a meal time
you can eat cookies sell you throw up
for all I care
you'll see things are quite different
here jack-o'-lantern they scare away
evil and iron does too well it repels
evil like bug spray and that is why we
have iron horseshoes and that's why
cemetery gates are made of iron and how
does one become a full-fledged warlock
you have to defeat an evil spirit by
using your own magic that is absolutely
right what smells of rancid software
[Music]
into gold wow that was really really
terrible I mean just awful you're
reading it like it's a Buick manual it's
not what you say Louis it's how you say
it you're the only you in the whole
universe that makes your style of magic
just crazy unique one in a hundred
million kajillion so I can give you the
right books teach you the right spells
but that last one percent that's up to
you so how do I find my magic style or
whatever it is it's in there somewhere
you just have to quiet down and listen
now it looks like you're pooping should
we just sit around and try to figure out
oh my giddy aunt don't worry the teeth
have made a pumpkin they can't really
hurt us the house with a clock in its
walls
is super creepy spellbinding and pure
evil we're gonna take people on a ride
last stop Lois I'm your uncle Jonathan
here we are home sweet home uncle
Jonathan he's a warlock please teach me
please okay mr. Berman is a witch you're
Lois I presume it's a really strange
house it's magical this house used to be
owned by another warlock he left a
hidden clock in the walls Lois wouldn't
have arrived at a more disastrous time
because this students dead clock is
about to literally explode you've told
Lois everything well not everything
unbeknownst to Lois he has the magic of
a warlock inside him and they needed
Louis's help and Lois starts to embrace
his inner weirdness learning how to be a
young warlock together they have to
unlock the secrets of this house before
it's too late we have to destroy the
clock
pretty high stakes excellent when I read
the book I thought there's no one else I
mean this has to be Jack Black I felt a
kinship with this warlock character he's
also a jazz saxophone enthusiast pitch a
knife and stab me in the ears Kate
Blanchet there's just no one like her
Jack brings out the best in Kate Kate
brings on the best in Jack that's what
makes the alchemy of these two so
electric cranky old crone much brush AG
face so braid your back here
Owen vicara makes Lewis an outcast you
could really root for ready lucky shot
it's a really sophisticated dark
hilarious unique journey
it's scary movie magic wizards witches
warlocks there's some scary stuff in
there
not too scary you don't want to give
kids nightmares but you want to give
them a thrill you're perfectly safe
that's safe as long as it's fed Jonathan
Bonneville is a warlock and that piques
my interest please teach me please
okay because a warlock is not really
fitting in with the societal norms are
you wearing a robe is an eccentric it's
a kimono this saxophone playing warlock
let me show you what a little weed can
do I've always wanted to have powers to
throw balls of energy or flame on ice
you know Witchiepoo powers and in comes
my nephew he's lost his parents hello
your Lois I presume so now I have to
kind of become a father and it's really
not a good time because I'm in the
middle of trying to save the world from
this horrible evil spell we don't know
what it does except something horrible
so I'm struggling to be that father
figure and also save the world save the
child and save the world at the same
time
[Music]
I always wanted to do a scary kids movie
and I wanted to do something that was
really really fantastic have a look
around you're perfectly safe that's safe
as long as it's fed there were so many
ingredients that I connected to
especially this misfit kid I certainly
grew up an outcast and an outsider and I
was very into magic do you know what a
warlock is Lois a boy which I think
they're a little more than boy witches
please teach me please please okay have
it your way I want a little bit of a nod
to Houdini and I wanted a mixture of new
magic and old magic
her movie set in 1955 technologies
changing cars suddenly take a whole new
term rock and roll comes into creation
so it's fun to live in that world
everything has to be meticulously done
and stylish but Spielberg gave me
amazing advice he said don't design it
so much that people can't get into the
story so everything has to be grounded
everything has to be real
this is by far the largest scale film
I've ever done
I want kids to watch the movie where
they go and they get the scares they get
the thrills to get the laughs but
something that they go I can't wait to
see that again
once this real magic I'll show you
[Applause]
last stop
Louis I'm your uncle Jonathan are you
wearing a row it's a kimono here we are
home sweet home
you're Luis I presume how was your trip
this old hag is my neighbor I'm relieved
to see you didn't inherit your uncle's
freakishly oversized head my god did
that withered purple skeleton just speak
you'll see it's quite different here
have a look around you're perfectly safe
that's safe as long as it's fed do you
know what a warlock is Lois a boy which
I think they're a little more than boy
widgets are you seeing that your luck
please teach me please please okay have
it your way I can give you the right
books teach you the right spells but
that last one for Saturday that's up to
you
I don't want the creepy little runt
think I wanted lucky shot
you've told Lois everything well not
everything
this house used to be owned by another
warlock
he's very wicked very powerful he left a
hidden clock in the walls we don't know
what it does except something horrible
three gums last time it was for what
happens when it gets down to one nothing
good that's for certain
we have to destroy the clock
so creepy you can't do this alone I can
help you
once these real magic I'll show you
shall we
[Music]